[istio] Bump istio version  to 1.19.4 and Kiali to 1.67 (#6616)
deckhouse/deckhouse: modules/110-istio/docs/README.md

---

Currently supported Istio versions:

> * 1.13 (deprecated)

Reviewer: We can't remove 1.12 now, will wait for requirements trick.

To establish a federation, you must:
* Create a set of `IstioFederation` resources in each cluster that describe all the other clusters.
  * After successful auto-negotiation between clusters, will be filled `public` section (the neighboring cluster's keys will appear) and `private` section (information about the neighboring cluster's `ingressGateways` will appear) in resource `IstioFederation` under the `.status.metadataCache`.
* Add the `federation.istio.deckhouse.io/public-service=` label to each resource(`service`) that is considered public within the federation.

>   * The following events will then occur:
>     * in the same cluster, information about these `services` will be added to the `IstioFederation` under the `.status.metadataCache.private.publicServices` section
>     * in the remaining federation clusters, a corresponding `ServiceEntry` will be created for each `service`, leading to the `ingressgateway` of the original cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* In the other federation clusters, a corresponding `ServiceEntry` will be created for each `service`, leading to the `ingressgateway` of the original cluster.
* ```
